$NetBSD: CHANGES-pkgsrc-2018Q3,v 1.1.2.9 2018/10/29 17:46:57 spz Exp $

Changes to packages and infrastructure on the pkgsrc-2018Q3 branch:

Pullup ticket #5837 - requested by nia
net/dnscrypt-proxy2: build fix

Pullup ticket #5838 - requested by nia
net/chrony: security update

Pullup ticket #5839 - requested by maya
lang/spidermonkey52: security update
www/firefox-l10n: security update
www/firefox: security update

Pullup ticket #5840 - requested by maya
devel/git-base: security update
devel/git: security update

Pullup ticket #5841 - requested by ryo
lang/rust: build fix

Pullup ticket #5843 - requested by maya
security/libssh: security fix

Pullup ticket #5846 - requested by bsiegert
mail/spamassassin: security update

Pullup ticket #5847 - requested by bsiegert
devel/patch: security patches

Pullup ticket #5848 - requested by bsiegert
devel/libgit2: security update

Pullup ticket #5849 - requested by bsiegert
devel/ncurses: security patch
devel/ncursesw: security patch

Pullup ticket #5850 - requested by bsiegert
lang/chicken: security update

Pullup ticket #5851 - requested by gdt
lang/ocaml: build fix

Pullup ticket #5852 - requested by maya
x11/modular-xorg-server: security update

Pullup ticket #5853 - requested by maya
graphics/tiff: security patch

Pullup ticket #5854 - requested by maya
www/seamonkey: security update
www/seamonkey-l10n: security update

Pullup ticket #5861 - requested by taca
lang/ruby: security update
lang/ruby24-base: security update

Pullup ticket #5862 - requested by taca
lang/ruby: security update
lang/ruby23-base: security update

Pullup ticket #5865 - requested by taca
lang/ruby: security update
lang/ruby25-base: security update

