$NetBSD: CHANGES-pkgsrc-2018Q4,v 1.1.2.9 2019/03/06 15:08:14 bsiegert Exp $

Changes to packages and infrastructure on the pkgsrc-2018Q4 branch:

Pullup ticket #5887 - requested by maya
mk: SuperH build fix

Pullup ticket #5888 - requested by maya
lang/ghc7: build fix

Pullup ticket #5889 - requested by simonb
multimedia/transcode: build fix

Pullup ticket #5890 - requested by maya
audio/musicpd: require newer gcc

Pullup ticket #5891 - requested by leot
net/megatools: build fix

Pullup ticket #5892 - requested by gdt
www/nghttp2: build fix (don't require C++14 for the C library)

Pullup ticket #5896 - requested by taca
lang/php71: security fix

Pullup ticket #5897 - requested by taca
lang/php72: security fix

Pullup ticket #5898 - requested by taca
lang/php73: security fix

Pullup ticket #5899 - requested by taca
lang/php56: security fix

Pullup ticket #5893 - requested by taca
textproc/uriparser: security fix

Pullup ticket #5894 - requested by taca
www/drupal7: security fix

Pullup ticket #5895 - requested by taca
www/drupal8: security fix

Pullup ticket #5900 - requested by maya
databases/mysql55-client: security fix
databases/mysql56-client: security fix
databases/mysql57-client: security fix

Pullup ticket #5901 - requested by taca
security/py-acme: update (stop using TLS-SNI-01)
security/py-certbot: update (stop using TLS-SNI-01)

Pullup ticket #5903 - requested by taca
www/apache24: security fix

Pullup ticket #5904 - requested by he
fonts/harfbuzz: NetBSD-7 build fix

Pullup ticket #5902 - requested by markd
x11/qt5-qtxmlpatterns: build fix

Pullup ticket #5905 - requested by bsiegert
lang/go110: security update

Pullup ticket #5906 - requested by bsiegert
lang/go111: security update

Pullup ticket #5907 - requested by khorben
finance/bitcoin: security update

Pullup ticket #5908 - requested by spz
net/wget: security fix

Pullup ticket #5909 - requested by spz
textproc/icu: security fix

Pullup ticket #5910 - requested by mlelstv
www/curl: security fix

Pullup ticket #5911 - requested by taca
textproc/libxml2, textproc/py-libxml2: security fix

Pullup ticket #5912 - requested by taca
lang/pear: security fix

Pullup ticket #5913 - requested by taca
www/ruby-rack: security fix

Pullup ticket #5914 - requested by taca
www/ruby-rack16: security fix

Pullup ticket #5915 - requested by taca
mail-dovecot2: security fix

Pullup ticket #5917 - requested by taca
net/bind911: security fix

Pullup ticket #5918 - requested by taca
net/bind912: security fix

Pullup ticket #5919 - requested by leot
net/tor: security fix

Pullup ticket #5920 - requested by taca
www/drupal8: security fix (remote code execution)

Pullup ticket #5916 - requested by maya
www/webkit-gtk: security fix (remote code execution)

Pullup ticket #5922 - requested by schmonz
www/ikiwiki: security fix

